Websocket-chat (#896)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-guides: src/docs/common/callouts/callout-awaitility.adoc

> Use https://github.com/awaitility/awaitility[Awaitility] to test asynchronous code. By default, `Awaitility` waits for 10 seconds and if the condition is not fulfilled during this time it'll throw a `ConditionTimeoutException` failing the test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use https://github.com/awaitility/awaitility[Awaitility] to test asynchronous code. By default, `Awaitility` waits for 10 seconds and if the condition is not fulfilled during this time, it throws a `ConditionTimeoutException` failing the test.
```
